Added delete notes to the query system catalog role (#3971)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/learn/pages/security/roles.adoc

[#query-system-catalog]
=== Query System Catalog

> The Query System Catalog role lets the user query the system catalog using {sqlpp}. Importantly, this role also grants permissions to **delete** from certain in-memory system tables, which is useful for clearing caches and historical query logs without restarting a server.

Reviewer: Use line breaks. Start each sentence on a new line. The same comment for the rest of the updates on this page.

Avoid using Bold font to emphasise the words in a paragraph.

Avoid using the word "Importantly".

Author: Thanks, yes. Too much of a rush from me. I've done a vale audit.

| Cannot list scopes or collections, create, drop, edit settings, read or write data

| *Query*
|
*SELECT* from all system catalog tables.

Querying certain keyspaces like `system:indexes`, `system:keyspaces`, and `system:scopes` is subject to row-based filtering. The user must also have the appropriate `SELECT` privilege on the underlying keyspace or collection to see the corresponding entries.

*DELETE* from the following in-memory system tables to clear caches and logs:
`system:active_requests`
`system:completed_requests`
`system:completed_requests_history`
`system:prepareds`
`system:functions_cache`
`system:dictionary_cache`
`system:tasks_cache`
`system:aus_settings`

|
* Cannot perform any other query actions.

> * Cannot use the Query Workbench in Couchbase Server Web Console.

Reviewer: This comment is for next line with the following content:

see the `manage_system_catalog` role.

Check if it is the `query_manage_system_catalog` role? If Yes, then add a link to the section in the same page https://docs.couchbase.com/server/current/learn/security/roles.html#query_manage_system_catalog.

> * Cannot `INSERT` or `UPDATE` system catalog tables. For this functionality (available from 8.0+), see the `manage_system_catalog` role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Cannot `INSERT` or `UPDATE` system catalog tables.
For this functionality (available in 8.0 and later versions), see the `manage_system_catalog` role.
```
